Use a bit in Datagram Type to convey Object ID = 0 (#1055)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

~~~
OBJECT_DATAGRAM {
  Type (i) = 0x0-0x7,
  Track Alias (i),
  Group ID (i),
  [Object ID (i),]

>   Publisher Priority (8),

Reviewer: Sidenote: Expecially for datagrams, it seems very wasteful to always specify the Publisher Priority.  Is there an issue to fix that?

Type 0x01 and Extension Headers Length is 0, it MUST close the session with
Protocol Violation.

> For Type values where Object ID Present is No, Object ID is not present and the
> Object has ID zero.  When Object ID Present is Yes, Object ID is present and
> contains the Object ID.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
For Type values where Object ID Present is No, the Object ID field is omitted
and the Object ID is 0.  When Object ID Present is Yes, the Object ID field is
present and encodes the Object ID.
```
